some things that I'm doing right now that I never thought that I would
be doing, um, you can take the last place that I was on the USS Blue
Ridge now being ah, nuclear electrician's mate. I was basically in
the plants for the most time, for the most part, and, you know, kind
of supervising down there. And I hadn't done that for about eight
years. So I thought, Well, once I joined the reserves, Well, that's
gonna be one of last times that I'm actually dealing with, like, controlling
what gets fixed and how it gets fixed. But yeah, I just recently
on the USS Blue Ridge, I found myself even as reserve chief, overseeing
a group of 15 electrician's, and we actually were in charge
of fixing the whole entire ship from the bottom of the hole all the
way to the top. Massive antenna. Um, I was in the radar room. I was
in the navigation room. I was up on Vulture's row. I was dealing with
how to fix the didn't fix the helicopters, but how to do the electrical
checks on the helicopters. These are things that I never thought
that I would be, um, uh, that I would have to deal with. But, um,
the Navy Reserve actually gives you an opportunity to deal with things
that you that air new. As long as you have some of the prior leadership
qualities. And as long as you know some basics about it. Electricity
deal with electricity things, then, um then they could put
you anywhere.